Fix tyk-sync go installation instructions (#2434)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-sync.md

## Installation

Currently the application is available via Go, [Docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-sync) and [Packagecloud](https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-sync).

### Go:

> To install via Go you must have Go installed and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install via Go, make sure you have Go installed and then run:
```
